# Coding Assignment Tic Tac Toe Challenge

This is a tic-tac-toe game.  Two players take turns placing X’s and O’s on a 3x3 grid.
The win condition is the first player to get three across a column, down a row, or on either diagonal.


# Pensieve Functional Specification
Build a simple tic-tac-toe game.
Two players take turns placing X’s and O’s on a 3x3 grid.
The win condition is the first player to get three across a column, down a row, or on either diagonal.


## Guidelines
You do not need to draw a pretty grid. Three rows of comma-separated numbers will suffice.
Please do not Google “Python tic-tac-toe”. We’ve already looked up the top results and know what that code looks like. Try to come up with the algorithm on your own.
There's a 4-hour time limit on this. You don't have to do it all in one day if you don't want.
Save your work to a GitHub repository so we can review it. Share the link with us, and include a README file that lists the features you implemented.
Please return to us by Friday, Oct. 17, at noon CT.

## Tips
You’ll be making use of lists (arrays), and Python’s built-in functions like print() and input().
You can search for “Python read input” for help.
The Python documentation is your friend.

## Helpful links
<a href="https://www.python.org/downloads/" target="_blank">Download Python (Windows, macOS, and Linux) – python.org</a>

<a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/python-tutorial" target="_blank">Create a Python console application using Visual Studio Code – VS Code Docs</a>

<a href="https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/" target="_blank">A Tour of Python – Python Tutorial (official docs)</a>

## Proposed Solution, How to use
Pensieve is a user-friendly web application designed to capture and organize family and personal memories seamlessly. By offering an intuitive dashboard with a visual map, Pensieve enables users to log memories, each with detailed descriptions, locations, images, and associations with individuals. Utilizing technologies like OpenAI for autogenerated titles and based on Ruby on Rails, Pensieve simplifies the complex task of preserving diverse family histories. Users can effortlessly manage memories, navigate individual profiles, and safeguard their rich heritage, fostering a deeper connection to their past.

## User Stories
### Dashboard and Map View:
- As a user, I want to view a visual map on my dashboard, displaying markers representing all memories I've logged.
### Memory Management:
- As a user, I want to navigate to a memory page displaying a table of all my logged memories.
- As a user, I want to access detailed information for each memory, including a title, description, location details, associated pictures, and linked individuals.
- As a user, I want the option to have the memory title autogenerated from the description content using OpenAI for quicker logging.
### People Management:
- As a user, I want a dedicated page to view all registered individuals connected to my memories.
- As a user, I want individual profiles for each person, showcasing their profile picture.
### Cross-functionality:
- As a user, I want the ability to link people to specific memories for easy reference and connection.
### General:
- As a user, I want a simple and intuitive interface that allows easy navigation between memory, people, and dashboard views.
- As a user, I want the option to edit or delete memories and people from the system to maintain accurate records.
- As a user, I want the app to be responsive and accessible across various devices for convenient usage.


Run this command in the terminal:

```bash
python3 system.py
```